---
commentable: false
date: "2019-08-15T00:00:00+01:00"
draft: false
editable: false
header:
  caption: ""
  image: ""
share: false
title: Privacy Policy
---

Your privacy is important to us. It is Christopher Prener's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://chris-prener.github.io, and other sites we own and operate.

## Information We Collect
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

## Disclosure of personal information to third parties
This site is supported by third-party providers to facilitate hosting and analytics. These include DNS management, web hosting via GitHub Pages, and Google Analytics.

We will comply with government and law enforcement requests for data, as required by law, in connection with any actual or prospective legal proceedings, or in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.

We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.

## Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can perform certain functions and understand how you use our site. We use third-party cookies to enable the website analytics using Google Analytics.

If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from https://chris-prener.github.io, understanding that we may be unable to provide you with generated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy statements without them.

## About this Policy 
This privacy policy only covers Christopher Prener's own collecting and handling of data. We work with third-party providers and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.

You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.

This policy is effective as of 15 August 2019.

Based on a privacy policy generated by GetTerms.io 
